Loki docs: Add how to start live tailing logs (#65945)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/datasources/loki/query-editor/index.md

### Tail live logs

Loki supports live tailing of logs in real-time in [Explore]({{< relref "../../../explore" >}}).

Live tailing relies on two Websocket connections: one between the browser and Grafana server, and another between the Grafana server and Loki server.

> To get started select the **Live** button in the top right corner of the Explore view.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To start tailing logs click the **Live** button in the top right corner of the Explore view.
```

Maybe?

Reviewer: The key point is that you're not _selecting_ anything, only clicking the button.
